To solve this problem, we can use two pointers
One is to iterate
the array say i and the other one is to
point the new array and length say new len
itearte the whole array one by one using i.
And if the value is not equal to the given
value, place it in new len index and increment it.
If it is equal, just move to the next element
and continue the process.
For example take this array
iterate the array using i, now compare the current
element with given value. It is the same.
So move to the next element. Now compare these two
values and they are not the same.
So place it in new len index and increment new len and
move to the next element. Do the same process.
Next is 40 which is not equal to 10.
So place it in new len and increment new len and move
to the next element.
Now compare these two values and we have 10
So just move to the next element again
We have 10.
So do nothing
And the new array will be till the new len index.
And the new length is equal to 2